## Inspector Configuration

To verify the code is free of warnings, please use the inspector.To
configure the inspector, do the following:

1. Open the "Analyze" -> "Inspect Code..." menu in the IDE.
2. Select the "..." next to the dropdown for inspection profile in the dialog.
3. Click the "Setting" button and choose "Import Profile"
4. Select "Cellbots_Default.xml" and click "Ok".
5. Open the "Analyze" -> "Inspect Code..." menu in the IDE.
6. Select "Custom Scope" and then the "..." next to the scope dropdown.
7. Click the green "+" and add a new local scope.
8. Type the name as "Cellbots Scope".
9. Enter the pattern as:
```
file[*]:src/*.java||file[*]:*.gradle||file[*]:*.xml||file[*]:*.pro||file[*]:*.properties||file[*]:*.jar||file[*]:*.iml
```
10. Click "Ok".
11. Open "File" -> "Settings..."
12. Search "Spelling" on the left side of the dialog.
13. Select "Spelling" on under the search bar.
14. Click to open the "Dictionaries" tab.
15. Click the green "+" to add a new "Custom Dictionaries Folder".
16. Choose the "tools/inspector/dictionary" folder.
17. Click "Ok" on the select folder dialog.
18. Ensure that "[user] cellbots.dic" appears in "Enable/disable dictionaries for your project"
19. If not, repeat steps 13 through 18. If yes, click "Apply" (if possible) and "Ok".

Entering the special scope avoids inspector checking of the OctoMap, CV and other
3rd-party libraries, as well as avoids the checking of autogenerated files.

## Running Inspection

1. Open the "Analyze" -> "Inspect Code..." menu in the IDE.
2. Select "Custom Scope" and "Cellbots Scope"
3. Select "Cellbots Default" as the inspection profile.
4. Click "Ok".

## Spelling

Spelling errors are often found in files. Many of these errors are
due to the use of words not in standard dictionaries, such as
"github". To avoid the pollution of the analysis pages with such
errors, please add words to the dictionaries in the dictionaries
folder. Note that clicking "Add to Dictionary" or similar in the
IDE will add the word to the local dictionary and not to the
dictionaries folder, so you have to add the words manually.